Add metrics page for stargate with prometheus and grafana (#46)
stargate/docs: modules/developers-guide/partials/docker_compose.adoc

=== Get the docker-compose file

The `docker-compose` YAML file contains the configuration for pulling the
required docker images and configuration required for installing.
It can be used to install:

* 1-3 Apache Cassandra^(TM)^ 3.11 nodes as a cluster (backend-1, backend-2, backend-3)
* 1 Stargate node (stargate)
* 1 Prometheus node (prometheus)
* 1 Grafana node (grafana)

Two companion files are helpful: a script to run the docker-compose file with
delays between node startup that prevents timing issues, and a text file that

> has the `docker run` commands for running CQLSH in a backend or stargate node,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has the `docker run` commands for running a CQLSH Docker container to query against either one of the Cassandra nodes or the Stargate node,
```
